time for the five o'clock prayer based
on your current location the direction
of the temple is approximately 10
degrees to the right of where you are
facing and now let us pray together this
is the most we've got to put up with
things could be most calm and refrain
from blinking Pakistan
it's a girl my name is Fran oh who are
you exactly why are people chasing you
here what is that she's the key to the
world my friend a priestess of the
temple with a very harsh fate systems
been breaking down for ages see it's
going on what's wrong with everyone open
up your eyes and take a look around do
they look like people to you fractals
made them husks of what they could have
been but people for us putting a stop to
this endless repetition is the only way
that we know whatever you're talking
about there's got to be a better way
turn your back on
but I have zero regrets
you